The first meet-up is always the most exciting and rewarding. Most come to their first one for the premise of eating free lunch, getting stickers and gifts. We got all of the above and added to it, the knowledge and acquaintance of many lively people of the community that we always thought we were supposed to be a part of. We reached late, but made it in the nick of the time, as the systems were being fired up for the first talk.

We specifically came to attend the Firebase for Android session, which was to be given by Jatin Katyal. The session went on for a good 50 minutes with lots of doubts thrown in, which he handled expertly. Some in our group who were not into Android but wanted to use Firebase for other technologies, also got their doubts resolved. 

Mr. Suheb gave a session on Dabbling with Decorators which is an integral part of Python. He showed samples of code snippets and made them run in the console, thus making them easier to understand. We learned alot on how decorators can be used in Python and their applications.

After that we had a coffee break and had a pretty good chat over the working of the PyDelhi with the volunteers there. They explained the various aspects of contributing to PyDelhi and the various benefits that were attached to it. The exposure and opportunities you get after being so close to the community is sure to land you up someplace good. After this, lunch was served which presented challenges of its own 😉.  

Then came the highlight of the day, the talk by the very jovial Anuvrat Parashar. This session, to quote Anuvrat "Not a talk that PyDelhi's attendees deserve, but the one that they need right now." He was very informative in his session talking about the salaries and tax slabs and their breakups, how to smartly manage the tax deducted, which things can affect the routine payment cycles and the decisions we need to avoid or take. This session was so interactive such that the number of apathetic people were null.

It was followed by a hiring and pitching session in which 3 people pitched to hire professionals/interns for their companies working in their respective fields. And coming to the end, Innovaccer presented us with a memento in the form of diaries to everyone present. We left the venue having a small chitchat with Anuvrat and Vipul, feeling satisfied with the meetup we were a part of and the people we met. At the end of the day, both of the technical and non-technical talks were very informative and we look forward to attend more meetups of PyDelhi and be a greater part to this excellent community.
